## Want to write something for this page?

The process: Maintain *universally understood* text files in a *universally accessible* online folder. Then design webpages with those text files.

That means as long as you write in a universally understood syntax, you may choose and move away from whatever tool. This is what *the* universally understood **syntax** looks like:

	## Want to write something for this page?

	The process: 
	Maintain *universally understood* text files 
	in a *universally accessible* online folder. 
	Then design webpages with those text files.

	That means as long as you 
	write in a universally understood syntax, 
	you may choose and move away from whatever tool. 
	This is what *the* universally understood **syntax** 
	looks like:
	

This is called Markdown, the "`##`" means a level 2 heading(h2). the website title "Quetzaltenango" you see now has one "`#`", a top level heading(h1). On the web people agreed to structure their text this way. The designer then comes in and says "I want h2 to be uppercase, bold and huge."

For this site I designed emphasized text like "`*the*`" to be "*the*" and strong text like "`**syntax**`" to be "**syntax**".

Note that only by separating text with an empty line can you create a paragraph. In this design, the first paragraph is larger (if it's not an image). That's a design decision I made.

As for the universally accessible online folder, that's [Dropbox.com](http://dropbox.com). **You should have one** to make sure any work you do on a computer doesn't get lost through inevitable failures. on a PC or Mac Dropbox gives you a magical folder: stuff put in the folder gets automatically synced to Dropbox's servers as well as any other computers with Dropbox running. On a mobile device there are many text editors that can edit files on your Dropbox. [In fact, iPhone/iPad Dropbox editors are said to surpass the number of fart apps](http://brettterpstra.com/ios-text-editors/).

The universality of Markdown and Dropbox leaves you with simply picking one or even a collection of text editors for your needs without worrying about compatibility issues. 

## But which one?

Trying out different text editors is a journey worth taking the time with.

For iPad [Byword](http://bywordapp.com) (don’t get it yet) is a great one to start writing stuff to your dropbox folder.  

You *will* get frustrated at some point, like figuring out how to get Byword to read from the right dropbox folder. But it’s worth the time 100%. These technology you are fiddling with are fundamentals that will be with us for a long, long time.

If you have a laptop around, [you can play around with Markdown here](http://codepen.io/pspegg/pen/fitAo). Copepen doesn’t save to Dropbox, but you can see a preview easily and share the text easily.

Also this [codepen](http://codepen.io/pspegg/pen/lwdum) is a demo of the full home page, including the menu bar! Do play around, you won't break anything.

